Extend the migration docs (#962)
bufbuild/protobuf-es: MANUAL.md

## Migrating from version 1

> 

Reviewer: Add in the 2 lines from the blog post upgrade section regarding Connect-ES and not needing to upgrade if they don't need Editions: https://github.com/bufbuild/buf.build/pull/1813#discussion_r1715575450

Author: I don't think we should put the contemporary information in the manual.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think I agree...we have a lot of commentary on the blog post :)

  generator plugin.

Update the ones you use with npm:

```shellsession
npm install @bufbuild/protobuf@^2.0.0 @bufbuild/protoc-gen-es@^2.0.0
```

Make sure to re-generate code with the new plugin, and verify that the package versions match the generated code.

Plugin options now have more convenient default behavior:

- [`import_extension`](#import_extension) is now `none` by default, which means we don't add a `.js` extension to import
  paths. If you use the plugin option `import_extension=none`, you can delete it. If you require imports to have the `.js`
  extension, use `import_extension=js`.
- [`ts_nocheck`](#ts_nochecktrue) is now off by default. If you require a `// @ts-nocheck` annotation at the top of
  generated code, use `ts_nocheck=true`.

Update your `buf.gen.yaml` file if you require the previous behavior.

<details><summary>Are you using the remote plugin?</summary>

If you are using the [remote plugin][buf.build/remote-plugins] instead of the locally installed `protoc-gen-es`, make
sure to update the version in your config:

```yaml
# buf.gen.yaml
version: v2
plugins:
  - remote: buf.build/bufbuild/es:v2.0.0
    out: gen
```

</details>

> <details><summary>Are you using a Generated SDK?</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary>Are you using a generated SDK?</summary>
```

> If you are using a [Generated SDK][buf.build/generated-sdks], install `latest` with plugin version v2.0.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a [generated SDK][buf.build/generated-sdks], install `latest` with plugin version v2.0.0:
```

> If you are using a [Generated SDK][buf.build/generated-sdks], install `latest` with plugin version v2.0.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a [Generated SDK][buf.build/generated-sdks], install `latest` with plugin version v2.0.0:
```

}
```

The generated properties remain largely unchanged. There are two improvements:

- A message field using [`google.protobuf.Struct`](#googleprotobufstruct) is generated as `JsonObject`.
- Proto2 fields support [default values](#field-presence-and-default-values) now and are no longer generated as optional properties.

> The function `toPlainMessage` and the type `PlainMessage<T>` are no longer necessary: If you create a proto3 message with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `toPlainMessage` function and the `PlainMessage<T>` type are no longer necessary. If you create a proto3 message with
```

`create(UserSchema)`, the returned object is already a plain object.

> You can replace the type `PlainMessage<User>` with `User`. The only difference is that `User` has a property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can replace the `PlainMessage<User>` type with `User`. The only difference is that `User` has a property
```
